CheckTurnitin Privacy Policy

Last updated: March 3, 2025

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use our service. It explains your privacy rights and how the law protects you. We use your personal data to provide and improve the service. By using the service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator and customized for CheckTurnitin.

Interpretation and Definitions

Interpretation

The words with initial capital letters have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Account means a unique account created for you to access our service or parts of our service.
Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest, or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to CheckTurnitin, Kathmandu, Nepal.
Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer, mobile device, or any other device by a website, containing the details of your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
Country refers to: Nepal
Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone, or a digital tablet.
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Service refers to the website and associated services.
Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the service, to provide the service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the service, or to assist the Company in analyzing how the service is used.
Third-Party Social Media Service refers to any website or social network website through which a user can log in or create an account to use the service.
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the service or from the service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Website refers to CheckTurnitin, accessible from [Insert Website URL].
You means the individual accessing or using the service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

Types of Data Collected

Personal Data

While using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Email address
First name and last name
Usage Data
Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the service. Usage Data may include information such as your device's internet protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers