Terms and Conditions for CheckTurnitin

Last Updated: March 3, 2025

Our Terms and Conditions (hereinafter, "T&C") constitute a legally binding agreement between CheckTurnitin (hereinafter, "Us", "We" or "Our") and you (hereinafter, "User," "Users," "your," or "yours"). Your use of our Service shall be governed by the following T&C.

1. Registration

You agree to provide accurate information regarding your email address and any other additional information while registering for our Service. Should any of your details change, you shall immediately update your data and notify us via email at support@checkturnitin.com. You agree to receive, for security reasons, text messages and emails with codes to register for our Service.

2. Age Requirement

You must be at least 13 years old to register for and use our Service (or such greater age required in your country or territory for you to be authorized to register for and use our Service without parental approval). If you are not old enough to have authority to agree to our T&C in your country or territory, your parent or guardian must agree to our T&C on your behalf. We reserve the right to suspend or cancel your account if we have a reasonable doubt that you do not have the legal minimum age to use our Service.

3. Use of Service

You agree to only use our Service under the following conditions:

You may only use our Service for your own personal, non-commercial purposes.
You may upload data, text, information, screen names, graphics, photos, and other content (hereinafter referred to as "Content") on our Service.
You may only use our Service in good faith and in compliance with applicable laws.
You agree not to, and not permit others to:

License, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, transmit, host, outsource, disclose or otherwise commercially exploit our Service.
Copy or use our Service for any purpose other than personal, non-commercial purposes.
Modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, or reverse engineer any part of our Service.
Harass, threaten, or impersonate others using our Service.
Post illegal content.
Use our Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
4. Privacy

We value your privacy. Please review our Privacy Policy at [Insert Privacy Policy Link]. By using our Service, you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these T&C.

5. Limitation of Liability

We will not be liable for any lost profits or consequential, special, punitive, indirect, or incidental damages related to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with our T&C, us, or our Service. Our aggregate liability will not exceed one hundred dollars ($100).

6. Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless CheckTurnitin from all liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, related to or arising out of your use of the service, your breach of these T&C, or any misrepresentation.

7. Dispute Resolution

Any complaints regarding this T&C should be directed to us by email at support@checkturnitin.com or through any other available method listed in the Contact Us section.

8. Disclaimer

The service is provided "as-is" without warranties of any kind. We disclaim all warranties, including, but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

9. Amendments

We reserve the right to make changes to these T&C and our Service without notice. Material changes will be notified via email or other means. Your continued use of our Service after notice of changes will mean your acceptance of those changes.

10. Contact Us

For questions or queries regarding these Terms and Conditions, please contact us via email at support@checkturnitin.com.

